Don't give it to Uncle Wang Yu
Tell him not to do this to you.
Thank you uncle
Wait a minute if someone asks you for your phone
Just give him this one
I expected you to send someone to inquire
Now you won't get any real evidence
Wang Yu, I want you to taste the betrayed porcelain bowl too
husband
Am I pretty?
Ah beautiful beautiful
I'm not cold, don't get my uncle's clothes dirty
how
Don't you like it?
Nope.
After that
Can you be less strict with adults?
His fancy little bitch
It was owed to clean up
Don't discipline him well
He will climb on my head one day when he is afraid
We're getting married soon, aren't you happy?
How long have we been waiting for this day?
Am I on a business trip?
When you come back, we'll get engaged first
Then we can get ready for the wedding. Okay
Uncle, let me answer it for you